Hi, guys.
Worker In this lecture, we're going to have a test under each icon.
Okay, then let's do this.
We're gonna need to go back to Our Vinci Code, and then there is a go icon file.
Okay.
And now we can then use country and B in order to make this white.
Then you can see over here we are simply returning a container and a container which it can basically
take just a and which is just the icon that we have.
Right.
Okay.
Now, in order to have it sense widgets under each icon, we are going to be using the widget known
as column.
And the reason for the column is a column widget.
Will F.C will help you display your widgets vertically.
That's from top to bottom.
Okay.
So now all we can do is we can get rid of this container for now.
Use, contribute and see to copy it.
And now we can then have the column widget.
And as you know, the column can't take multiple widgets.
So it's as this children are the first child is not going to be the container.
Okay.
Now, since there's no longer hands here, we're going to need to get rid of this and had it turn a
corner.
And over here, we are going to need to have a semicolon.
Okay.
Grids.
This is the first chart of the container.
So this is the first chart of the column, which is what?
A container.
Okay.
And now we can have the second child, which is going to be a test.
Right now is where we can make this dynamic.
So what we can do is over here, we are going to create a final variable and we can just call this test.
And that's why we can specify the type.
It is a type.
It is a type of what string?
And over here, we can pass it on to the constructor.
This does.
This test.
And are.
Yeah.
We can make it through quite.
Okay.
And.
Over there.
We can then see tests.
Okay.
Is country.
And that's the save.
And now you can see we have this error because it wants us to pass.
It's like for the test.
Already have it the way it the first is going to be.
What's new mid-game.
Okay.
New.
Within.
And as well test okay is going to be what.
Meeting and the icon is at the boss rounded.
Okay.
Join.
Meet him.
The icons are going to be icons.
That's.
Had.
On the score.
Books rounded.
Okay as well.
Here.
Test and.
That's going to scare you because this.
And.
So.
And --.
I think I forgot to copy this.
Okay.
And that is going to be calendar today.
Okay, Collender.
Callender.
The score.
Okay.
Coriander.
On this court today.
Okay.
Our digital cover and wire test.
And this is going to say share screen.
Now, we basically don't need all this.
We just need that to.
We just need to join the chain and the screen does or muted icon does or.
And this will be what?
I roll upward.
I grew.
On the score of port.
Okay.
I tried this.
Okay, okay.
And check.
Okay.
You can see.
Now, what we can also do is.
Over here.
Reasonable action.
We can give society this.
We can see this time as you know, the test widget of the property known as Die.
And what we can do is we can just bring this to the next line signal on the descent fan just to have
a much more clean record and test.
Ty We can then see color and colors that what we can just see gray.
Okay.
Not check.
Now, I think this is way too close to this.
Now, all we can do is we can give some virgin space between this icon and this.
Okay.
So to do that, this is the first which we have which is the container, which is the icon widgets.
Right.
Remember, we are basically using the container in a that's a give a height.
Height and weight with us to do it.
How wide we want this blue colour to be and height as well as to do it.
How long.
So we can use just as well.
60, 60, 60.
I think if you can see now, I think this is much more better.
Okay.
So with absolute allied in how it has to do it along.
So this is the this is always of the concern that, you know, that's all of us as to heights and weeds
and also to give the Icahn.
A caller, ID background caller.
Right.
Okay.
So now over here, we can give you space using something, a size box and working with the space vertically
that is from top to bottom.
So this is going to be height and we can just see ten.
Okay.
Contract SASE and go check it out.
You can see.
Great.
Looking great.
Right?
Okay.
You can add some more styling.
Well, I can see font size of.
It's in or ten or 15 and check it out.
Okay.
Okay, guys, see you in the next lecture.